Vessel sinks are freestanding bathroom
sinks that sit directly on a counter top
or vanity.
They are a beautiful and elegant
alternative to traditional sinks.
Since vessel sinks sits on top of the
counter,
the counter height must be lower than
traditional counters. The sink itself
should be about thirty two to thirty six
inches above the floor for adults to
comfortably access the sink.
One of the main factors when buying a
vessel sink is which material it will be
made of.
Glass is the most common and versatile
vessel sink material
because of the many colors they come in
and there ease of cleaning.
Styles range from clear class to hand blown
masterpieces. It can feature different
textures compliment different themes.
Stone is the next most popular vessel
sink material.
Stone sinks are usually cut from a
single block to avoid seams and because
of this
they do tend to weigh more and will
require more support.
However their rustic styling and
various textures and colors make them a
diverse option to compliment any bathroom.
Stainless steel vessel sinks are not as
common as stone or glass, but they offer
the durability of stainless steel and a clean modern aesthetic that will match
the modern bathroom.
The styling of the stainless steel may
limit their capacity to match different
bathrooms.
Vessels sinks are also available in a
variety of metals
such as copper, brass
bronze and nickel.
These metals can complement different wood finishes and other details in your bathroom.
Vessel sinks typically require different
faucets than traditional sinks.
Not all vessel sinks come with faucets.
So make you have a faucet that will work when choosing your vessel sink.
When you have a faucet that works make sure the water flows into the bottom of the sink.
It the water hits the side
it can cause water to splash.
With their eye catching design and
diverse styles vessel sinks can be the
focal point of your bathroom.
Since ATGStores dot com carries
over a thousand vessel sinks,
you are sure to find the perfect one for
your bathroom.